Stat243A
Meng Wang, SID: 21706745
November 8, 2015

1. What are the goals of their simulation study? What are the metrics?
Their are two golas: to assess the accuracy of the proposed asymptotic approximation in finite samples
and to examine the power of the EM test. The metrics of this paper is, they come up with an effectice expection-maximization test for testing the null hypothesis of the arbitrary order m0 under a finite normal mixture model.

2. What choices did the authors have to make in designing the simulation? What are the key aspects of the data generating mechanism? 

A finite set of number from (0 0.5] called B; Number of iteration K; Penalty functions p(beta) and pn. From the result in Table 6, the sample size has great impact on the power of the test.

3. Suggest some alternatives to how the authors design the study?

I would suggest to use several B and K for the numerical results, and also can try larger number of components in mixed normal distributions. 

4. Give some thoughts on how to set up a simulation study for their problem?

I think it will be difficult since the iteration number K and the components may be very large number or infinity.

5. Do their figures/tables do a good job of presenting the simulation results? Do the authors address the issue of uncertainity/simulation standard errors?

The author only reported the result in a box plot for simulated type I error with mean and standard derivation. Another plot of power of test and the repetitions will be very helpful.

6. Interpret their tables on power (Tables 4 and 6) - do the results make sense in terms of how the power varies as a function of the data generating mechanism?
 
The results make sense. We could see that the power of the tests increases when m and n increases. It also increases when the differences of parameters in alternative models increaes.

7. Discuss the extent to which they follow JASA’s guidelines on simulation studies

The authors followed the guidelines for estimated accuracy of results, numerical algorithms, programming languages and major software components. But they did not report the description of pseudorandom-number generators and computers.



 



  
